README.md, before:

# k8s-fah
Run folding@home on Kubernetes.

The folding project recently added support for the Corona virus (2019-nCoV). 

https://foldingathome.org/2020/02/27/foldinghome-takes-up-the-fight-against-covid-19-2019-ncov/


This is a quick deployment that lets you run this on Kubernetes, should you have any spare cluster-power you'd like to donate. 

Please note, the folding@home client is liable to select jobs for other diseases too. If/when they add an option to work only on COVID-19, I will update the deployment here to do so.

&nbsp;

# Install
```kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/richstokes/k8s-fah/master/folding.yaml```  

The default install deploys 2 replicas, limited to using 1 CPU core each. 


&nbsp;

# Customizing

I've added the framework for a `PriorityClass`, so that K8s will preemptively evict these pods if a higher-priority one comes along.

And of course set the resource limit as appropriate depending on how much CPU you wish to donate. In my testing, memory load has been very low (<256Mi)

Commit message:

Adding config.xml, enabling GPU support

README.md, after:

# k8s-fah
Run folding@home on Kubernetes.

The folding project recently added support for the Corona virus (2019-nCoV). 

https://foldingathome.org/2020/02/27/foldinghome-takes-up-the-fight-against-covid-19-2019-ncov/


This is a quick deployment that lets you run this on Kubernetes, should you have any spare cluster-power you'd like to donate. 

Please note, the folding@home client is liable to select jobs for other diseases too. If/when they add an option to work only on COVID-19, I will update the deployment here to do so.

&nbsp;

# Install
```kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/richstokes/k8s-fah/master/folding.yaml```  

The default install deploys 2 replicas, limited to using 1 CPU core each.  

GPU Support is enabled. In theory if your node makes a GPU availble to your containers, FAHClient should be able to use it. I've not been able to test this.


&nbsp;

# Customizing

I've added the framework for a `PriorityClass`, so that K8s will preemptively evict these pods if a higher-priority one comes along.

And of course set the replica count and resource limit as appropriate depending on how much CPU you wish to donate. In my testing, memory load has been very low (<256Mi)


## config.xml

The most compatible way to edit the config.xml is by modifying it's values and creating your own Docker image.  

You *can* override/mount as a configMap in Kubernetes (you can see the scaffolding for this inside `folding.yaml`), however FAHClient seems to what to copy/move this file around, which doesn't work if the file is mounted. You'll get a bunch of errors from the FAHClient if you do this - there may be a better way to manage the config file - PRs welcome!
